Vendor Code of Conduct
Welcome, vendors! To ensure a smooth and successful season, Saucon Valley Farmers Market (the Market) requires all vendors to adhere to the Code of Conduct. This document sets standards of professional responsibility and safety. Failure to comply with the Code of Conduct may result in immediate removal and/or a ban from future participation. Please read thoroughly and sign below.
Market’s Right to Terminate Agreements
The Market may terminate its agreement with any vendor in the event that a vendor violates the terms of this agreement. 
Market decisions on vendor participation eligibility are final.
The Market will notify any vendor with whom it terminates its agreement. 
Responsibilities Prior to Season Start
Vendors must make payment in full prior to the opening day of the season. No refunds will be given after the season begins for any reason.
Vendors must obtain a 1-million-dollar liability insurance policy with both the Borough of Hellertown (685 Main St, Hellertown) and Saucon Valley Farmers Market (409 Constitution Ave, Hellertown) listed as additional insured on the policy.
All items sold by the vendor must be covered by the vendors’ liability insurance.
Vendors must provide copies of their insurance policy to the Market prior to the opening day of the season.
Attendance Requirements
Vendors must attend every Sunday for the duration of the market, unless they have a pre-approved alternate attendance schedule.
Vendors unable to attend a scheduled market appearance for any reason must provide a minimum of 24-hour notice to the Market via email at sauconvalleyfarmersmarket@gmail.com. Failure to do so will be considered an attendance infraction.
The Market runs rain or shine—vendors must ensure their attendance regardless of weather conditions. The Market will notify vendors of market closures due to extreme weather conditions which pose an imminent threat to health, safety and/or property.
Vendors must arrive and park vehicles no later than 8:30 a.m.
Arrivals after 8:30am are considered an attendance infraction. 
Any vendor who arrives after 9am will not be permitted to set up at the market for that day.  
After three attendance infractions, the Market may terminate the vendor’s agreement.

Market Conduct and Safety
Vendors and their representatives are expected to conduct themselves in a respectful, safe, courteous, and harmonious manner with customers, other vendors, and market staff at all times.
Vendors may not harass customers, other vendors or market staff at any time.
Vendors may not operate stalls under the influence of alcohol or other illicit substances. 
Vendors may not bring any dangerous weapons to the market including, but not limited to, firearms, ammunition, edged and sharp weapons, bows and crossbows, explosives and fireworks, stun devices, and other non-utilitarian items not related to market products or daily tools. Vendors may not bring any imitation weapons meant to appear like or represent dangerous weapons.
Vendors may not smoke or vape on location. 
Vendors may not bring pets without previous Market approval. 
Pets must be kept on a hand-held leash or in a pet carrier and under the complete control of the owner or handler at all times. 
The Market may require the removal of pets at the market for poor behavior.
Vendors may not play music during market hours.
Vendor Setup 
Vendors must provide their own tables, tents, canopies, change, bags, advertising signs, and other necessary materials.
Vendors must secure all tents, canopies or other freestanding coverings with stakes or weights.
Vendors who require a generator must inform the Market in advance and must provide their own generator with a decibel sound output of no more than 60 decibels.
Vendors must clean their own area thoroughly at the conclusion of each event.
Vendors may not give their space to another vendor or share their space with another vendor unless approved, in advance, by the Market.








Product Requirements
Vendors may only sell what they themselves produce—resale of items purchased elsewhere is prohibited. 
Vendors may petition the Market for limited approval of resale items. The Market may reject the resale petition for any reason.
Vendors must determine their own prices and supply their own change for cash transactions.
If the vendor advertises and/or sells organic produce, the vendor must display their organic certification in public view.
Vendors who wish to sell products different from those listed on their original application must first apply for and receive approval by the Market before offering the new products for sale.
Vendors may not give away or sell live animals.
